A Reddit post pointed out the critical flaw of freezing top lane at the professional level.



TSM's Kayys, a League of Legends Head Scout and Strategy Coach made multiple comments on Fudge's actions in the first minutes of C9's games against TL, creating a disagreement between 2 players at the professional level.

As everyone saw, C9 lost to TL 3 games to 1, and Fudge's lack of pressure in the beginning in the top lane may have contributed a considerable amount, even while playing a top-tier champion.

The main argument lies within the gold distribution. Fudge was able to farm risk-free for the most part, accumulating gold and experience faster than his enemy laner. However, TL gained the same amount, if not more, just spread over 4 or 5 members that balance with Fudge's peaceful farming.



Knowledgeable League of Legends commentators mentioned how freezing a lane is more of an individual mindset. It can only work when the entire team synergies and creates a plan for everyone to balance the flow of the rotations. The goal should be to prevent any chaotic team fights without members who choose to freeze.

As the meta of League of Legends fluxuates, freezing follows the same pattern by coming back in style with the changes made in the game's dynamic. This season, hardly any other region favors freezing, instead relying on roaming team fights where objectives are scored. With the additions of new drakes, the soul, and elder buff, playing for objectives has become a much larger part of the game.

Tower plates also favor constant movement in the lanes since League of Legends players and teams are rewarded for the pressure they apply. Freezing essentially takes away the ability to play for objectives and tower plates by telling the enemy team, 'I'm okay where I am, let me be.'

Freezing doesn't fit in League of Legends early on, in many cases among professional players. With such highly coordinated movements, staying idle in the lane hinders the gameplan of many League of Legends Esports teams. While it's unclear if Fudge made these decisions on his own or if his team agreed, the tactic didn't work for C9 as TL rolled over them.